rts game engine

combat to do

well how to make this
might be hard

would have to check for
all the diffrent enemys
to see if there in
range and then find
witch one is closeist
out of the diffrent
enemy useing the 
functions
instance_nearest
distance_to_instance

the instance_nearest
function would be
slow because would
have to compute
each time for every
call


missile can only attack
the enemy with a id 
choose by the unit

the missile will track
the target into it hits
the target or runs out
of fule witch it will
hit the ground and
exsplode

commands

move to position if come
across a enemy attack
but then stop there

move to position without
intercepting enemys

attack a enemy follows
the enemy and attacks
into the enemy is 
destroyed

stop command stoping
everything the unit
is doing


this could realy slow
the game engine down
because of the instance_
nearest function each
unit would have to use
this to see when its
with in range of
a enemy so each player
unit would be doing this
many computeing

the number of player
units and th number of
enemy units *times each
game step

10000 distance_to_point
calls if
enemy had 100 untis
and the player had
100 units and then the
enemy would have to do
10000 has well so
20000 total

may be if i check for
enemy in range every
two steps or more